c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/ApplicationInsights.config
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/csc.exe
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/vbc.exe
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/VBCSCompiler.exe
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/MVCTemplate.dll.config
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/MVCTemplate.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/MVCTemplate.pdb
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/EntityFramework.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Owin.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/System.Web.Razor.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/WebGrease.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/System.Web.Razor.xml
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/EntityFramework.xml
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/obj/Debug/MVCTemplate.dll
c:/users/di20003104/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/obj/Debug/MVCTemplate.pdb
C:/Users/DI20003104/Documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/MVCTemplate/MVCTemplate/obj/Debug/SLAExemption.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/obj/Debug/SLAExemption.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/csc.exe
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/System.Collections.Immutable.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/vbc.exe
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/VBCSCompiler.exe
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/VBCSCompiler.exe.config
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/ApplicationInsights.config
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/csc.exe.config
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/csc.rsp
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/csi.exe
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/csi.exe.config
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/csi.rsp
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.Win32.Primitives.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/System.AppContext.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/System.Console.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/System.Diagnostics.Process.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/System.IO.Compression.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/System.IO.FileSystem.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/System.IO.FileSystem.DriveInfo.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/System.IO.Pipes.AccessControl.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/System.IO.Pipes.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/System.Security.AccessControl.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/System.Security.Claims.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/System.Security.Principal.Windows.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/System.Text.Encoding.CodePages.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/System.Threading.Thread.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/System.ValueTuple.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/System.Xml.XPath.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/System.Xml.XPath.XDocument.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/vbc.exe.config
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/roslyn/vbc.rsp
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/MVCTemplate.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/MVCTemplate.pdb
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Antlr3.Runtime.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/EntityFramework.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.Owin.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Newtonsoft.Json.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Owin.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/System.Web.Helpers.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/System.Web.Mvc.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/System.Web.Optimization.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/System.Web.Razor.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/System.Web.WebPages.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/WebGrease.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/System.Web.Optimization.xml
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/EntityFramework.xml
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/System.Web.Razor.xml
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/System.Web.Helpers.xml
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/System.Web.WebPages.xml
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/System.Web.Mvc.xml
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Newtonsoft.Json.xml
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.Owin.xml
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/bin/Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/obj/Debug/MVCTemplate.dll
/Users/nikhileshjoshi/projects/SLAExemption/MVCTemplate/obj/Debug/MVCTemplate.pdb
